README.md, before:

# Imperium-Site (PRJ666 - Final Project)
This ASP.NET Core web application handles the registration and account management for all Users that would want to play the Imperium Game. This websites allows a user to create and verify an account they would like to use while playing the game. 

## About Page
This page tells all Users the general concept of the game. The general concept will include; features, mechanics, and functionality. 

## Developer Page
The Developer Page is a page about each student who is currently working on the PRJ666 - Imperium application. Each student has included a picture or a profile picture that best suits them and a quick biography about themseleves. 

## Credit Page
The Credit Page is a special page in the application because it will include and list all secondary information that we have collected and used within the game. This secondary information will include, assets, backgrounds, audio, etc. Each source will be credited.

## Settings Page - Needs to Authenticated
Users will be able to see and change their account information (Email, Password, Username, Avatar) using the Settings tab. All player information will be saved and updated in the database; this allows the information to be accessed in the Unity application as well. 

## Leaderboard Page - Needs to Authenticated
Users will be able to use the Leaderboard Page to compare their current rank with all other Players. The ranking system used will rank all Players by their account level. The system will then sort all Player's by their winrate and then their amount of wins to establish a complete layout. Players will be able to increase their Leaderboard status by competing in matches with other Players to increase their current level, winrate and wins.

## Download Page - Needs to Authenticated
Users will be able to use this page to download the latest build of Imperium off of the VM. This build will be available for Windows, Mac, and Linux when the Imperium game is completely finished.

Commit message:

Included the To Download Option

README.md, after:

# Imperium-Site (PRJ666 - Final Project)
This ASP.NET Core web application handles the registration and account management for all Users that would want to play the Imperium Game. This websites allows a user to create and verify an account they would like to use while playing the game. 

## To View the Application
1. Download or Clone the Repo 
2. Launch the Application in Visual Studio or use the command "dotnet run" while in the ImperiumSite Folder

## About Page
This page tells all Users the general concept of the game. The general concept will include; features, mechanics, and functionality. 

## Developer Page
The Developer Page is a page about each student who is currently working on the PRJ666 - Imperium application. Each student has included a picture or a profile picture that best suits them and a quick biography about themseleves. 

## Credit Page
The Credit Page is a special page in the application because it will include and list all secondary information that we have collected and used within the game. This secondary information will include, assets, backgrounds, audio, etc. Each source will be credited.

## Settings Page - Needs to Authenticated
Users will be able to see and change their account information (Email, Password, Username, Avatar) using the Settings tab. All player information will be saved and updated in the database; this allows the information to be accessed in the Unity application as well. 

## Leaderboard Page - Needs to Authenticated
Users will be able to use the Leaderboard Page to compare their current rank with all other Players. The ranking system used will rank all Players by their account level. The system will then sort all Player's by their winrate and then their amount of wins to establish a complete layout. Players will be able to increase their Leaderboard status by competing in matches with other Players to increase their current level, winrate and wins.

## Download Page - Needs to Authenticated
Users will be able to use this page to download the latest build of Imperium off of the VM. This build will be available for Windows, Mac, and Linux when the Imperium game is completely finished.
